Feature (#3)
Leon-Mbegera/TNW2: README.md

# TNW Website

Second Project

> This is a project to demonstrate the existing knowledge of HTML and CSS. It is a individual project that shows the TNW Website

Reviewer: - [ ] Suggestion.
```suggestion
The project aims to demonstrate the existing knowledge of HTML and CSS. It was an individual project that required the remaking of the TNW Website.
```

The webpage is focused of showing positioning of elements using grid, flexbox and positioning.

<img src="./images/Screenshot.png" alt="Screenshot">

<i>Built With HTML5, CSS3, GIT, and VSCODE</i>

> Live Demo : [https://leon-mbegera.github.io/TNW2/.]

Reviewer: ## Improve the Live link display
- [ ] In my suggestion, we can make this link look neater. What do you think?
```suggestion
[Live Demo](https://leon-mbegera.github.io/TNW2/)
```

<h1>Getting Started</h1>

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

> 1. Go to https://leon-mbegera.github.io/TNW2/./
> 2. Click on code and copy the html code.
> 3. Use git bash to clone this repository on your local machine.
> 4. Run git checkout -b your-branch-name Make your contributions
> 5. Push your branch up to your forked repository
> 6. Open a Pull Request with a detailed description to the development branch of the original project for a review

Reviewer: - [ ] Suggestion.
```suggestion
1. Go to https://leon-mbegera.github.io/TNW2/./
2. Click on the code and copy the HTML code.
3. Use git bash to clone this repository on your local machine.
4. Run `git checkout -b your-branch-name`. Make your contributions
5. Push your branch up to your forked repository
6. Open a Pull Request with a detailed description of the development branch of the original project for a review
```
